chore: update with guidance about how to disable --headless=new (#5292)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/api/plugins/browser-launch-api.mdx

:::

### Disable `--headless=new` for Chrome

> Starting in Chrome version 112, Cypress now will now launch Chrome with the with

Reviewer: Do we need to specify what version of cypress we introduced this in since we aren't back patching this?

Author: ```suggestion
Starting in Cypress 12.15.0 for Chrome version 112, Cypress now will now launch Chrome with the with
```

> Starting in Cypress 12.15.0 for Chrome version 112, Cypress now will now launch Chrome with the with
> [the new `--headless=new` flag](https://developer.chrome.com/articles/new-headless/).
> 
> If this new option causes issues with your tests it can easily be reverted with
> the following example so long as Chrome supports the old version of
> `--headless`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting in Chrome 112, you can change the value of the `--headless` flag to the old value before the `--headless=new` flag was introduced.
```
